Hi. I'm Tyler.
Welcome to the React Nanodegree program.
What makes React really great,
is it changes how you think about creating web applications.
Not only will React make you a better developer,
but it will also open up other development platforms like native phone development or VR.
React is being used by the largest companies in the world,
as well as small startups.
It was built by the engineers who work on Facebook,
one of the world's largest websites,
but it also scales to projects of any size.
React eliminates a lot of the friction in building a user interface.
If you declare the UI with encapsulated components that manage their own state,
then you compose those smaller pieces together into a full application.
In this program, your first project will be a React app that manages a list of contacts.
It will communicate with a remote server to add and remove people from the list.
You'll also be able to filter it in the browser.
You'll be building this app from scratch
along with me in the first course of the program.
After completing this program,
you'll be positioned to take full advantage of
the changing web development landscape that React is ushering in.
With this Nanodegree program,
you'll receive expert code review on your projects and of course,
Udacity's best in class instruction.
Welcome to the program. I'm so glad you're here.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6